DEVX-1185: ccloud demo doesn't list pre-reqs prior to instructions to… (#310)
confluentinc/examples: ccloud/docs/index.rst

Run demo
========

Prerequisites
-------------

1. The following are prerequisites for the demo:

-  An initialized `Confluent Cloud cluster <https://confluent.cloud/>`__ used for development only
-  :ref:`Confluent Cloud CLI <ccloud-install-cli>` installed on your machine, version `v0.185.0` or higher
-  :ref:`Confluent CLI <cli-install>` installed on your machine, version `v0.157.0` or higher (note: as of CP 5.3, the Confluent CLI is a separate download)
-  `Download <https://www.confluent.io/download/>`__ |cp| if using the local install (not required for Docker)
-  jq

2. Create a |ccloud| configuration file with information on connecting to your Confluent Cloud cluster (see :ref:`auto-generate-configs` for more information).

> By default, the demo looks for this configuration file at ``~/.ccloud/config`` (you can change this file location in the demo's `config.sh`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, the demo looks for this configuration file at ``~/.ccloud/config``. You can change this file location in the demo's ``config.sh``.
```

3. This demo has been validated with:

-  Docker version 17.06.1-ce
-  Docker Compose version 1.14.0 with Docker Compose file format 2.1
-  Java version 1.8.0_162
-  MacOS 10.12

Steps
-----

1. Confirm the prerequisites above are satisfied, especially the |ccloud| configuration file at ``~/.ccloud/config``. 

2. Clone the `examples GitHub repository <https://github.com/confluentinc/examples>`__.

   .. sourcecode:: bash

     $ git clone https://github.com/confluentinc/examples

3. Change directory to the |ccloud| demo.

   .. sourcecode:: bash

     $ cd examples/ccloud

> 4. By default, the demo runs with a locally running |sr| and locally running KSQL server. However, both of these services are available in Confluent Cloud and if you prefer to use either of those Confluent Cloud services instead:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. By default, the demo runs with a locally running |sr| and locally running KSQL server. However, both of these services are available in |ccloud|, and if you prefer to use either of those |ccloud| services instead:
```

   a. :ref:`Enable <cloud-ksql-create-application>` |ccloud| KSQL prior to running the demo
   b. Modify `config.sh` and set `export USE_CONFLUENT_CLOUD_KSQL=true`

> 5. Start the entire demo by running a single command.  You have two choices: using a Confluent Platform local install or Docker Compose. This will take less than 5 minutes to complete.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. Start the entire demo by running a single command.  You have two choices: using a |cp| local install or Docker Compose. This will take less than 5 minutes to complete.
```
